Update insert-functions.md (#5989)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/functions/insert-functions.md

Segment invokes a separate part of the function (called a "handler") for each event type that you send to your destination insert function.

> info ""

> > If you’ve configured a [destination filter](/docs/connections/destinations/destination-filters/), and the event doesn’t pass the filter, then your function isn’t invoked for that event as destination filters are applied before the insert functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you’ve configured a [destination filter](/docs/connections/destinations/destination-filters/), and the event doesn’t pass the filter, then your function isn’t invoked for that event as destination filters are applied before insert functions.
```

Yes, an insert function can be connected to multiple destinations. 

> ##### Can I configure destination filters and have destination insert function in the same connection?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Can I have destination filters and a destination insert function in the same connection?
```

> Yes, there is no limitation on having destination filters and destination insert functions in the same connection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can have both destination filters and destination insert functions in the same connection. 
```

> ##### Are the insert functions invoked before or after the destination filters are applied?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Are insert functions invoked before or after destination filters are applied?
```

> The destinations filters are applied prior to the invocation of the insert functions in the Segment data pipeline. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment's data pipeline applies destination filters before invoking insert functions. 
```
